TW-918 Live Collections (#4647)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collections/live-collections/live-collections-settings.md

---
title: "Live Collections settings"
updated: 2023-03-15
---

> You can configure Live Collections from the right sidebar in Postman. You can also configure data redaction within your service.

Reviewer: >  You can also configure data redaction within your service.
We can't do that from the Sidebar right? @aravind-arun

Reviewer 2: @jkonrath-postman - We need to make it explicit that there are two different configuration options available. One from the sidebar and the other in the instrumentation code similar to what was capture here - https://postmanlabs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AO/pages/4404184006/Postman+Live+Collection+Settings
I suggest changing that sentence to
"You can configure Live Collections settings such as update preference or status from the right sidebar in Postman. You can configure data redaction and data truncation settings only within the instrumentation code in your service. "

## Contents

* [Live Collections configuration options](#live-collections-configuration-options)

> * [Redacting data in the service code](#redacting-data-in-the-service-code)

Reviewer: `Redacting sensitive data`

Also we are not redacting data in the service code.

## Live Collections configuration options

> Select the <img alt="Live collections icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-live-collections.jpg#icon" width="16px"> in the right sidebar of a Live Collection to view configuration options.

Reviewer 3: What if we write something like:

`To view configuration options, select a collection, and then select the live collections icon <img alt="Live collections icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-live-collections.jpg#icon" width="16px"> in the right sidebar.`

> <img alt="Live collections settings page" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/live-collections-settings-page.jpg" width="250px">

Reviewer 3: What if we increase the image width? The text in the image is a little difficult to read.

> This page shows when a Live Collection was last updated. The following options are available:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following configuration options are available:
```

> * Select **Status** to turn data collection on or off for the Live Collection.

Reviewer: What does `off` mean here? We should mention that.

Reviewer 2: Let me know if this works
"Turning off data collection ensures that the Postman SDK does not send any data to the Postman cloud. This will also stop detecting any changes to the request along with the automatic or manual updates to the collection"

> * Select **Status** to enable or disable data collection for the Live Collection.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Select **Status** to turn data collection on or off for the Live Collection.
```

> * Choose how updates are performed. You can select if the Live Collection is automatically updated, or if you must review changes before updating. For more information, see [Updating Live Collections](/docs/collections/live-collections/update-live-collections/).

Reviewer 3: What if we updated this to something like:

`Choose how updates are performed. You can choose whether changes to a Live Collection are automatically updated, or changes must be reviewed before updating. For more information, see [Updating Live Collections](/docs/collections/live-collections/update-live-collections/).`

> * Choose how updates are performed. You can choose whether changes to a Live Collection are automatically updated, or changes must be reviewed before updating. For more information, see [Updating Live Collections](/docs/collections/live-collections/update-live-collections/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Select how updates are performed. You can choose whether changes to a Live Collection are automatically updated, or if changes must be reviewed before updating. For more information, see [Updating Live Collections](/docs/collections/live-collections/update-live-collections/).
```

* Select **Save Changes** to apply changes.

## Redacting data in the service code

> Data redaction and truncation settings can be configured directly in the service that was instrumented. This ensures that sensitive data does not reach Postman. The data redaction rule takes in a regex to identify the text that needs to be redacted.

Reviewer 3: Is there a word we could use other than "instrumented"? My concern is that this might increase the page's readability score.

Reviewer 3: Is "regex" shorthand for something? I'm asking in case we're able to define this here.

Author: Fixed, but GH isn't letting me mark this as resolved for some reason...

> Data redaction and truncation settings can be configured directly in the service that was instrumented. This ensures that sensitive data does not reach Postman. The data redaction rule takes in a regular expression to identify the text that needs to be redacted.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can configure data redaction and truncation settings for your application. This ensures that sensitive data does not reach Postman. The data redaction rule uses a regular expression to identify the text to be redacted.
```

To set up the data redaction and data truncation rules add the following lines of code in your application:

```json

> dataTruncation: true,

Reviewer: @aravind-arun This is outdated. Can we get the latest config from @piyush-daga ?

Reviewer 5: ```
truncateData: true,
redactSensitiveData: {
	enable: true,
  	rules: {
    		api_key: '\\b\\w{32}\\b',
	        email_rule: '([a-zA-Z0-9_\\-\\.]+)@([a-zA-Z0-9_\\-\\.]+)\\.([a-zA-Z]{2,5})',
        	bearerToken: '[bB]earer ([a-zA-Z]+[0-9]|[0-9]+[a-zA-Z]])[a-zA-Z0-9/+_.-]{15,1000}(?![a-zA-Z0-9/+.-])',
	}
}
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: Code block needs a syntax label. `shell` might work

> The data redaction and data truncation rules can be set up by adding the following lines of code in the service that was instrumented:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To set up the data redaction and data truncation rules add the following lines of code in your application:
```

dataRedactions: {
    rules: {
        api_key: '\\b\\w{32}\\b',
        email_rule: '([a-zA-Z0-9_\\-\\.]+)@([a-zA-Z0-9_\\-\\.]+)\\.([a-zA-Z]{2,5})',
        bearerToken: '[bB]earer ([a-zA-Z]+[0-9]|[0-9]+[a-zA-Z]])[a-zA-Z0-9/+_.-]{15,1000}(?![a-zA-Z0-9/+.-])',
    }
}
```

> The data redaction rules obfuscate values for the specified fields.

Reviewer: It doesn't obfuscate for specific fields. It does it for all the fields, basically wherever the regex matches.

> The above rules for data redaction obfuscate values for those fields

Reviewer 3: What if we update this to something like: `The data redaction and truncation rules hide values for the fields.`

> The data redaction rules obfuscate values for those fields.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The data redaction rules obfuscate values for the specified fields.
```

> The data truncation option in the configuration truncates the actual values for the specified fields.

Reviewer: Data Truncation is not field specific.

> The data truncation option in the configuration truncates the actual values for the different fields

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The data truncation option in the configuration truncates the actual values for the different fields.
```

> <img alt="Live collections data truncation" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/live-collections-data-truncation.jpg" width="250px">

Reviewer 3: What if we increase the image width? The text in the image is a little difficult to read.

<img alt="Live Collections settings page" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/live-collections-settings-page.jpg" width="350px">

The following configuration options are available:

* Select **Status** to turn data collection on or off for the Live Collection. Turning off data collection ensures that the Postman SDK does not send any data to the Postman cloud. This will also stop detecting any changes to the request, and stop automatic or manual updates to the collection.

* Select how updates are performed. You can choose whether changes to a Live Collection are automatically updated, or if changes must be reviewed before updating. For more information, see [Updating Live Collections](/docs/collections/live-collections/update-live-collections/).
* Select **Save Changes** to apply changes.

## Redacting sensitive data

> 

Reviewer 2: There are 2 changes here

1. We need to add a note at the top recommending users to not deploy on production without turning on data truncation and data redaction
"Do not deploy on production systems without enabling the data truncation and data redaction rules as this could result in sensitive data being sent to Postman"
2. We need to separate out the data truncation and data redaction settings with details on what they mean and how to turn each of them on. Here is my proposal for that

"Data truncation - Data truncation removes the fields from the request and response body. This will result in only the types being sent
Enabling data truncation - The following option needs to be added in the code to enable data truncation <add code snippet>
Example request body after enabling data truncation"

"Data redaction - Data redaction removes sensitive data from the request header, response header, request body, response body and query params. The data redaction rules obfuscate values for the fields matched by the regular expression
Enabling data redaction - Data redaction can be enabled by adding the following option in the code and specifying the regex to match and obfuscate the data <code snippet for data redaction>
Example request header after enabling data redaction <insert image for data redaction>

You can configure data redaction and truncation settings for your application. This ensures that sensitive data does not reach Postman. The data redaction rule uses a regular expression to identify the text to be redacted.

To set up the data redaction and data truncation rules add the following lines of code in your application:

```json
truncateData: true,
redactSensitiveData: {
	enable: true,
	rules: {
		api_key: '\\b\\w{32}\\b',
		email_rule: '([a-zA-Z0-9_\\-\\.]+)@([a-zA-Z0-9_\\-\\.]+)\\.([a-zA-Z]{2,5})',
		bearerToken: '[bB]earer ([a-zA-Z]+[0-9]|[0-9]+[a-zA-Z]])[a-zA-Z0-9/+_.-]{15,1000}(?![a-zA-Z0-9/+.-])',
	}
}
```

The data redaction rules obfuscate values for the fields matched by the regular expression.

> The data truncation option in the configuration truncates the actual values for the matched fields.

Reviewer 2: The data truncation rule in the configuration truncates the actual values for the all fields. It is not based on the regex matching. Can you update the text to "The data truncation option in the configuration truncates the actual values for all the fields"
